Add changes to official tournament support from July 2023 TC meeting (#10047)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/Official_support/en.md

- All registrants must be screened by the account support team before play commences.[^play-commence] See [tournament screening](#tournament-screening) for more details.
- If a user satisfies the sign-up criteria (if any), the tournament must not prevent those who pass the screening from participating without both ample evidence presented publicly against them and the approval of the account support team.
  - This includes preventing users who are perceived to be "sandbagging" from play. Should an organiser have valid concerns about the presence of such players affecting the competitive integrity of their tournament, they may raise the issue to the [Tournament Committee](/wiki/People/Tournament_Committee) for a case-by-case review using the [tournament reports form](https://pif.ephemeral.ink/tournament-reports).

> - A dedicated referee must be present during every match, or be available to be summoned with minimal delay (2-5 minutes) if appropriate permission for automated software has been granted and is being used for assistance. Players cannot "self-ref".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A dedicated referee must be present during every match, or be available to be summoned with minimal delay (2–5 minutes) if appropriate permission for automated software has been granted and is being used for assistance. Players cannot "self-ref".
```

- An appropriately designed badge ([see below](#profile-badges)).
- A link to the publicly viewable catalogue of your tournament's match history.

#### Referee bots/automation

The use of bots/automation to aid in the running of officially supported tournament matches is permitted *with some caveats to reflect their cutting-edge nature*, so long as any applicable software/workflows meet the requirements listed below:

- The bot/automation must be made publicly and functionally available as an open-source repository.

> - The bot/automation should abide by the expectations laid out in the [bot account](/wiki/Bot_account) for general in-game use. Referee-related tools and software can be run directly from a user's own account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The bot/automation should abide by the expectations laid out for [bot accounts](/wiki/Bot_account) for general in-game use. Referee-related tools and software can be run directly from a user's own account.
```

- If a bot/automation is used for refereeing, a human referee must always be available to respond to calls for support from participants within a reasonable timeframe (2–5 minutes), and be able to be summoned remotely via the use of a chat command inside the lobby itself (we recommend `!panic` as a global alias for this).
- Where a bot/automation workflow is present, any ongoing lobbies should be able to be manually taken over by a human referee with minimal interference whilst also retaining any previous logs of play and chat.

> Approval for the use of referee bots/automation **must** be granted by the osu! support team. In addition, this approval is required for **every individual instance where a referee bot/automation is used.** We expect to relax some of these requirements in the future as the technology surrounding these bots develops and experience with using them grows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Approval for the use of referee bots/automation **must** be granted by the osu! support team. In addition, this approval is required for **every individual instance where a referee bot/automation is used**. We expect to relax some of these requirements in the future as the technology surrounding these bots develops and experience with using them grows.
```

- An appropriately designed badge ([see below](#profile-badges)).
- A link to the publicly viewable catalogue of your tournament's match history.

#### Referee bots/automation

The use of bots/automation to aid in the running of officially supported tournament matches is permitted *with some caveats to reflect their cutting-edge nature*, so long as any applicable software/workflows meets the requirements listed below:

- The bot/automation must be made publicly and functionally available as an open-source repository.

> - The bot/automation must be attached to and run from a singular [Bot account](/wiki/Bot_account), following all stipulations and requirements listed therein.

Reviewer 2: The requirements for a traditional bot account in that case are too strict. There's nothing stopping lobbies to be ran from user accounts so that should be allowed, however recommendations from the Bot account article should be followed.

> - If a bot/automation is used for refereeing, a human referee must always be available to respond to calls for support from participants within a reasonable timeframe (2-5 minutes), and able to be summoned remotely via the use of a chat command inside the lobby itself (we recommend `!panic` as a global alias for this).

Reviewer 3: this states 2-5 minutes, but the bullet in the section above states <2 minutes. Should probably pick one or the other and be consistent.

In exceptionally rare cases, a tournament may be granted the privilege of awarding badges to its top three finalists. A tournament that has received this distinction is recognised for attaining the highest level of production quality and organisation possible — this is given exclusively at the discretion of the osu! team. If you believe your tournament meets the expectations to receive this distinction, you may request it when submitting your initial badge request.

> Note: podium finishing/finalist badge prizes are only awarded if the tournament in question does not have any restrictions in place for participation, such as being limited to a specific rank range or a specific geographic region.

Reviewer: "podium finishing badge prize"?

```suggestion
Note that badge prizes for the top three finalists may only be considered for tournaments without any restrictions in place for participation, such as being limited to a specific rank range or a specific geographic region.
```

Examples of exceptional tournaments that have met these expectations:

- [Corsace Open](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1607468)
- [Expert Global Taiko Showdown](/wiki/Tournaments/GTS/EGTS_2022)
- [Springtime osu!mania Free-for-all Tournament](/wiki/Tournaments/SOFT/6)

> ### Requesting extra visibility support (main-menu banners and news posts)

Reviewer: what kind of term is this

```suggestion
### Requesting advertising support
```

Author: i'm not sure advertising is the right term for it, hence the hesitation

(that and it is the Forbidden Word)

Reviewer: can you come up with some other euphemism because "extra visibility support" sounds stupid

Author: outreach? engagement?

Reviewer: for now this works ok i think

```suggestion
### Requesting in-game banner and news post support
```

or even this for when the website news carousel starts becoming a thing

```suggestion
### Requesting in-game and website outreach support
```

> Long-running community tournaments may qualify for additional support to enhance their visibility to the playerbase, such as receiving main-menu banners in-game and publication via news posts on the osu! website. The minimum requirements to request in-game advertising are as follows:

Reviewer: this kind of wording implies that there are more ways of requesting advertising support when that's not really intended, which feels slightly weird to me

unless you mean using https://osu.ppy.sh/community/tournaments for community tournaments, which hasn't been part of discussions to my knowledge

```suggestion
Long-running community tournaments may qualify for additional support to enhance their visibility to the playerbase, namely receiving main-menu banners in-game and publication via news posts on the osu! website.

The minimum requirements to request in-game or website advertising support are as follows:
```

- Your tournament meets the [eligibility criteria for applicable tournaments](#eligibility).
- The tournament has successfully run for *at least* two badged iterations in the past, or have a staffing team that the Tournament Committee considers reasonably experienced.
- The livestreams of your current tournament average a reasonable viewership for any game modes featured in them. More popular modes (such as osu!) will be expected to have higher average viewership in order to qualify.

> - Your tournament is nearing its conclusion (e.g. your tournament is at Quarterfinals or above and it started on Round of 32).

Reviewer: if these criteria apply for any advertising in general, (registration, and by extension, conclusion) news posts wouldn't make sense for the first time of receiving support. if that's intended it'd be better to have it stated explicitly somehow

- You are able to provide the schedule of the matches and livestreams ahead of time.
- Your tournament streams or otherwise shares its results in clear and legible English.

> If you satisfy the above criteria, you may make a request for extra visibility support by sending an email to [tournaments@ppy.sh](mailto:tournaments@ppy.sh). This request should include a base-level history of your tournament and its impact upon the community if you have not received this type of support before. Please also note that this additional support is not guaranteed under any circumstances, and is awarded at the osu! team's sole discretion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you satisfy the above criteria, you may make a request for advertising support by sending an email to [tournaments@ppy.sh](mailto:tournaments@ppy.sh). This request should include a base-level history of your tournament and its impact upon the community if you have not received this type of support before. Please also note that this additional support is not guaranteed under any circumstances, and is awarded at the osu! team's sole discretion.
```

Please do not submit a main menu banner with your original request — you will be asked and pointed to this section if you are authorised to make use of one.

#### News posts

While support for advertising and sharing the outcome of your tournament is available via news posts, there are additional requirements that must be considered:

- Only news posts advertising registrations and recapping of **final** results are presently permitted.

> - If your tournament is limited to a specific region, it is only eligible to receive news post support if it involves a LAN (aka a in-person meetup).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- If your tournament is limited to a specific region, it is only eligible to receive news post support if it involves a LAN (aka an in-person meetup).
```

> - If your tournament is limited to a specific region, it is only eligible to receive news post support if it involves a LAN (aka an in-person meetup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your tournament is limited to a specific region, it is only eligible to receive news post support if it involves a LAN (a.k.a. an in-person meetup).
```
